[SPEAKER_02]: Hello, my friends out there on the Internet.
[SPEAKER_02]: Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
[SPEAKER_02]: It is Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_02]: We are live once again back after a little bit of a long break there.
[SPEAKER_02]: December the 22nd of 2024 for tonight and 1028 episodes in as of tonight's show.
[SPEAKER_02]: We do tape live every Sunday night.
[SPEAKER_02]: at 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific at the Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show.
[SPEAKER_02]: Except for tonight, Bobby is off for the holidays, doing holiday-related things.
[SPEAKER_02]: But we are here, again, after an unexpected little break there.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, some expected, some unexpected.
[SPEAKER_02]: We'll get into it.
[SPEAKER_02]: My name is Rob Roberts, and joining me as always, say hello to Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
[SPEAKER_05]: Hi.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hi.
[SPEAKER_02]: How are you doing?
[SPEAKER_02]: I found the ferret again and I love him.
[SPEAKER_02]: You've had an interesting couple of weeks.
[SPEAKER_05]: Good lord, it's exhausting.
[SPEAKER_05]: But I did buy myself something today that completely sums up everything.
[SPEAKER_05]: What's that?
[SPEAKER_05]: It's a plushie.
[SPEAKER_02]: of a dumpster fire perfect perfect this is I'm fine everything's fine and it has this wide-eyed flat smile on it perfect I will send a picture perfect um so yeah to kind of address what's happened so we've been off for two weeks one week was planned and one week wasn't so last week um I was in Nashville and I knew I was going to be there I was there for an Ingress event mainly but
[SPEAKER_02]: Honestly, that was a little bit of it.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then it was hanging out with my old friend, Johnny, who also plays Ingress and was there.
[SPEAKER_02]: So we had a gay old time in Nashville.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was good.
[SPEAKER_02]: So that was last week.
[SPEAKER_02]: We knew we weren't going to be here that week.
[SPEAKER_02]: Unfortunately, what happened two weeks ago, I was really sick.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alan was sick right before Thanksgiving.
[SPEAKER_02]: He had a really bad cough type of thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: And 10 days into him being sick, I got sick.
[SPEAKER_02]: Except I didn't have a cough.
[SPEAKER_02]: I had like...
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_05]: Paxlovid
[SPEAKER_05]: Paxlovid, yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: I was thinking of Provigil, which is something else I take.
[SPEAKER_05]: But no, it was the Paxlovid.
[SPEAKER_05]: It made me, like, nauseous and have, like, crazy-ass hot flashes.
[SPEAKER_02]: Paxlovid's the dirty penny drug.
[SPEAKER_02]: Or at least for me.
[SPEAKER_05]: It didn't give me the bad taste, but it gave it to Dan.
[SPEAKER_05]: Dan also had the vids.
[SPEAKER_05]: Uh-huh.
[SPEAKER_05]: and then I had the I'm still dealing with the post-covid exhaustion but I also had my ballet recital yesterday that went um um I'm a little angry over it sorry um and really exhausted and sore and then um yeah I also not to go into too much detail um but a sharp thing went through my right hand ring finger which is also my enter key finger at the top cut about an inch
[SPEAKER_05]: with a very deep gouge in the center and I had to have a stitch in my finger and I'm going to be pulling the stitch out tomorrow now that it stopped bleeding.
[SPEAKER_02]: Ouch.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that affects the gaming because when you hurt the finger, that means no controller, even the keyboard gets a little... Controllers are fine.
[SPEAKER_05]: I can use a controller.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, that's good.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's the keyboard because that's my enter key.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_05]: And also, every so often when I'm playing Dead by Daylight, I switch to my middle two fingers to let my index finger rest.
[SPEAKER_06]: Mm-hmm.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, yeah, I'm off the DVD until The Stitch comes out, which I thought I was going to be okay to play tonight.
[SPEAKER_05]: But since I don't have ballet tomorrow, I'm going to play a little bit tomorrow, and I'm going to try to pull The Stitch out tomorrow.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's going into a crazy house downsizing of crap.
Mm-hmm.
[SPEAKER_02]: and you know what?
[SPEAKER_02]: I got a lot of crap.
[SPEAKER_02]: I have some rearranging to do too.
[SPEAKER_02]: Actually, for this thing behind me here, I have this because of course we are a podcast so not everybody can see the video but I have a small little baby Ms.
[SPEAKER_02]: Pac-Man arcade one up and I've actually for a couple weeks now had like a baby Mega Man machine.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's an Evercade machine that's a very similar sort of thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: I just needed a shelf to put it on.
[SPEAKER_02]: I finally bought said shelf at Ikea over the weekend so that's my Christmas project is to build that
[SPEAKER_05]: and get that all taken care of I need to go to Ikea and get one of the Billy bookshelves the media sized ones to do a wall of pops I think I can get one to fit right behind my door and I'm going to take every one of these 50 bajillion pops that are all over the floor and my ceiling on top of my big huge ass Kallax shelf and all my other stuff and they're going on a freaking Billy shelf
[SPEAKER_02]: I like arcade machine thingy you got though Small Shay is formerly Shayla TTV
[SPEAKER_02]: but small Shay is small well I have small house it's very fitting for a small Shay why I can't have more um I have a California small house and that's why I can't have more arcade machines sadly all right let's say hello Shay is little sis I I'm sorry to keep ignoring not on purpose but hello to Techmaster Loki how are you doing hello hopefully hopefully cootie free and um slash uh wound free and all that good stuff hopefully hopefully your last two weeks have been more pleasant than ours
[SPEAKER_02]: so far yeah okay so far well who knows maybe who knows you know maybe maybe Santa will bring you COVID for Christmas who knows uh I hope not but I hope not it wouldn't be the worst thing is the flu um also I see you've got Bellatro playing behind you uh as we are taping live tonight did you finally did you finally fall down this hole of Bellatro I have oh okay okay what'd you think
[SPEAKER_02]: It's good.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: I tried to get into it, but I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: I had a hard time getting into it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, I just need to give it another shot.
[SPEAKER_02]: I have, though, I haven't mentioned this yet, but Alan and I have exchanged some holiday presents because we don't have to wait for Christmas.
[SPEAKER_02]: We're grown adults and we can do whatever we want in our house.
[SPEAKER_02]: We set the rules.
[SPEAKER_02]: Christmas is just a day, you know, so we exchanged holiday presents and Alan got me a Steam Deck.
[SPEAKER_02]: I got you a thing for it Even though I didn't know I was getting you a thing for it Yes, so like yeah, the same day
[SPEAKER_02]: I get a gift on Steam.
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura got me Hades 2, the early access full version, which is like a perfect game for the Steam Deck, which is great.
[SPEAKER_02]: But yeah, it's one of the Steam Deck OLEDs that's a terabyte.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it's, you know, one of the newer ones.
[SPEAKER_02]: So yeah, I'm thrilled with it.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's great.
[SPEAKER_02]: But yeah, Bellatro is like a great kind of game to put on it.
[SPEAKER_02]: But you know what I've been trying to put on it?
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm just gonna keep it real.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm keeping it 100 with you.
[SPEAKER_02]: I've been trying to put emulators on that thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: And they have really, like, tried to make the process very easy.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's this website called EmuDeck.
[SPEAKER_02]: Don't you have an iPhone?
[SPEAKER_02]: Why don't you have more USB-C stuff?
[SPEAKER_02]: I guess I could I guess I could have used my iPhone as like a transfer a go-between but I was like you know what and I'll just get they're like $15 it's and it's useful I don't have to involve my phone so it's fine it was fine it's just I have not been able to get the emulators to run because I really want to play like DS games and stuff on it um
[SPEAKER_02]: because I still like I still want to do retro games on stream I know I haven't done a lot lately but you know once the holidays die down and stuff I want to kind of get back into the retro games and try to beat a bunch of stuff in 2025 so I thought maybe like DS and things I don't tend to stream would be fun to do on the Steam Deck and it would just it would be a lot of games like I want to get Tetris DS I own that game but I could I just saw today I forgot that it was even on PC but I saw that Luminous is on PC and on Steam so
[SPEAKER_05]: I forgot about that too I got Loki a game What'd you get Loki?
[SPEAKER_01]: It was I can't remember the name now It just looks crazy wild It's a mullet magic It's like a roguelike FPS thing, it's pretty hard Oh, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah That's funny
[SPEAKER_02]: I will also point out, Alan also got me this hat I'm wearing on stream.
[SPEAKER_02]: For those on the podcast feed, it's an orange Care Bear hat, and it's very fuzzy.
[SPEAKER_02]: Fuzzy wuzzy.
[SPEAKER_02]: Fuzzy wuzzy was a bear.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_02]: What else do I want to say about the Steam thing?
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, I need to figure out what I want to get DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_02]: I need to figure out if I want to get DarkSakura something on her wish list, or if I want to just buy a game I think she'd like.
[SPEAKER_02]: because, you know, not to take too much credit, but I helped with the DBD thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: I helped with the DBD thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's shake and bake and I helped.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's survive and kill and I helped.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm confused.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because I helped enable your DBD stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so I'm curious, do I get you a game I think you'd like that you just don't know yet?
[SPEAKER_02]: Take a risk.
[SPEAKER_05]: Game Awards Game Awards Game Awards
[SPEAKER_02]: What did we think of the Game Awards?
[SPEAKER_02]: I was on a plane, so I missed most of the Game Awards, but Loki, did you watch the Game Awards?
[SPEAKER_02]: What were your thoughts?
[SPEAKER_02]: I did.
[SPEAKER_01]: I thought they were good.
[SPEAKER_01]: I was hoping for a Grand Theft Auto 6 trailer.
[SPEAKER_01]: Once again, Rockstar disappoints me.
[SPEAKER_01]: Typical in the last 10 years, so you know.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's fine.
[SPEAKER_01]: There's a lot of like old franchises coming back.
[SPEAKER_01]: So, you know, we had new trailers for a new Ninja Gaiden game.
[SPEAKER_01]: Turok's coming back.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's a retro one, right?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, it looked pretty cool.
[SPEAKER_01]: There was, what was the other ones that were like surprising?
[SPEAKER_01]: Okami coming back.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: New game.
[SPEAKER_01]: A new game from the creator of Shadow of the Colossus and all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_01]: A lot of surprise things that we weren't really expecting, but I don't know, it was alright.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was okay.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't disagree with some of the winner list.
[SPEAKER_02]: I thought the best part, at least the part, you know, because I had to kind of see the highlights real and the best stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I thought the best part that I came across was the guy from, it was Larian Studios, I think, that got up there.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think it was before he was introducing Game of the Year.
[SPEAKER_02]: Correct me if I'm wrong.
[SPEAKER_02]: And he gave this whole speech about...
[SPEAKER_02]: Game Studios needing the space to make a good game and basically he was reading the house down boots yes god of all these companies that have been laying people off and setting these unreasonable expectations like it was literally saying it to their motherfucking face and I respect that game I know yeah everybody in the audience yay that was the best part of the whole fucking three and a half hour show
[SPEAKER_01]: That's the ironic part, though.
[SPEAKER_01]: The CEOs, they showed the CEOs laughing.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's like, you're just going to lay people off, though.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's just ironic.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's like, you know we're talking about you, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: This is about you.
[SPEAKER_01]: This is not another company.
[SPEAKER_01]: This is you.
[SPEAKER_02]: So the camera actually showed the CEOs.
[SPEAKER_02]: Was Yves Guillemot in the audience?
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't remember who was in the audience.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did they put his ass on camera?
[SPEAKER_01]: I think it was showing some of the CEOs in the audience and stuff.
[SPEAKER_01]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_02]: like I know we're like Randy Pitchford and stuff like that but I mean that's he's more of a developer like yeah and I don't those are not the folks I'm thinking of when I'm thinking about the people that are ruining the industry and we have an Ubisoft story coming up just you wait because it's a doozy I'm sure some of you have heard but you know there's there's I just feel like yeah there's there's other CEOs that are far more problematic in the industry I guess on my list than
[SPEAKER_01]: you know the guy from Gearbox who I understand is they've had their own issues over the years but again in the large scope of things Yves Guillemin is still public enemy number one like yeah that was speaking of Gearbox yeah like we they showed off the trailer for Borderlands 4 and I'm like I'm as unhyped as possible about this game like I this does not look
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't know what you're trying to do here.
[SPEAKER_01]: The new heroes look as generic as hell.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's like, oh, is this from Overwatch?
[SPEAKER_01]: Are these Overwatch characters?
[SPEAKER_01]: Because it's just so generic.
[SPEAKER_02]: Imagine if the movie had done well.
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_02]: And I chose, and Loki, I think I made the right choice.
[SPEAKER_02]: I chose to watch the map that shows where your plane is over the country as it slowly moves from destination to destination.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I feel like I had a better experience than watching the Borderlands movie.
[SPEAKER_02]: True or true?
[SPEAKER_01]: You did.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: True.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's absolutely true.
[SPEAKER_01]: It is, it is just, it's unremarkable in every possible way.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's honestly just a waste of time.
[SPEAKER_02]: I also watched CNN without audio and I just made up what they were saying.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm going to tell you this much.
[SPEAKER_01]: If you have the inkling to watch the Borderlands movie, do yourself a favor and instead go on YouTube and watch Hundreds of Beavers.
[SPEAKER_01]: It is free and it is way better of a movie.
[SPEAKER_02]: YouTube, not Pornhub, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: YouTube, right?
[SPEAKER_01]: No, it's YouTube.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's hilarious.
[SPEAKER_01]: It is, if you imagine, like, a Looney Tunes cartoon come to life.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's black and white.
[SPEAKER_01]: All of the beavers and animals in this are all mascots.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like, they're all dressed up like mascots.
[SPEAKER_01]: And it's just the most ridiculous thing made by a dude.
[SPEAKER_01]: And it happens to be, like...
[SPEAKER_01]: An actual movie.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's great.
[SPEAKER_01]: It really is.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like, unironically, it's a great movie.
[SPEAKER_01]: You should go watch it.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's stupid, but it's just funny.
[SPEAKER_02]: What on earth brought this hundreds of beavers thing to your attention?
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_01]: I kept seeing articles about it and stuff, but it's, yeah, it's ridiculous.
[SPEAKER_01]: it honestly is like a really good movie wait wait is this is this the Mr. Beast show on Amazon is that what I'm watching right is this the Mr. Beast show no but because I think this is yeah they're doing like a log challenge right this is the Mr. Beast show right no it's not it's not the Mr. Beast show but it's it's it's really a funny movie it's just it's very slapstick and it feels a lot like the um
[SPEAKER_01]: Old, like, kind of...
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh wait, I just realized it's not just a clever name.
[SPEAKER_02]: We really do have hundreds of beavers.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know how many of them were AI generated, but we did have legitimately hundreds of beavers.
[SPEAKER_01]: None were AI generated.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's just a lot of composings.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's just kind of along the lines of Kung Fury.
[SPEAKER_01]: Something like that where it's basically one dude in the green screen and just kind of a small team and making all that stuff up.
[SPEAKER_05]: Is this worth me spending $20 on though?
[SPEAKER_02]: It's free with ads on YouTube.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's free.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, it's free.
[SPEAKER_02]: Free?
[SPEAKER_05]: Free 99?
[SPEAKER_05]: On where?
[SPEAKER_02]: YouTube.
[SPEAKER_02]: Just Google or YouTube search hundreds of beavers.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's like the first or second result.
[SPEAKER_05]: Oh, because I found the... I was looking on my Apple TV.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, oh.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, don't pay for the beavers.
[SPEAKER_02]: Get them for free.
[SPEAKER_01]: Why pay for the beavers when you can get it for free?
[SPEAKER_02]: Get those ad-supported beavers.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm looking at the trailer and this is great.
[SPEAKER_01]: It is honestly... It feels... The movie feels... I'm going to tell you this much.
[SPEAKER_01]: The movie does feel very long.
[SPEAKER_01]: It is like a cartoon.
[SPEAKER_01]: It feels like a very long movie, but it is so worth it to stay to the end.
[SPEAKER_01]: It honestly is completely...
[SPEAKER_01]: It's worth it.
[SPEAKER_01]: It just gets more and more ridiculous as time goes on.
[SPEAKER_02]: Going to our chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_02]: PodCulture says, what in the high hell?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, pretty much.
[SPEAKER_05]: I kind of want to give this guy money.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a great movie.
[SPEAKER_02]: I heard things about this movie.
[SPEAKER_02]: It sounds wild.
[SPEAKER_02]: Red Entertainment says, is this a Canadian action movie?
[SPEAKER_02]: I believe it is Canadian SSJ100Matt says the people look better treated in this than with that Mr. Beast show true I hear the Mr. Beast show isn't very good either no, it's
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, but for the record, I follow a tech reviewer called Mr. Who's the Boss.
[SPEAKER_05]: And he was pulled in to do the behind the scenes on all the tech that goes into it.
[SPEAKER_05]: And that was just the setup, though, to do everything.
[SPEAKER_05]: It was fucking impressive.
[SPEAKER_05]: I had to say that I'm more interested in the technology that they used to get it than in the actual show.
[SPEAKER_05]: But I also want to sit on a throne of a million dollars.
[SPEAKER_05]: Or however much money that was.
[SPEAKER_02]: Here's my take on the Mr. Beast show thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: They literally already did that show and it was the Squid Game reality show.
[SPEAKER_02]: And the Squid Game reality show didn't have a host.
[SPEAKER_02]: And, you know, it had all the drama and all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: And here's the thing with Mr. Beast.
[SPEAKER_02]: At some point, and look, I've seen some of his older YouTubes and I get the whole shtick and all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: But there comes a point with any showman we have to ask, at what point did this individual fall up their own ass?
[SPEAKER_02]: and that's the question that I'm kind of asking about Mr. Beast right now at what point did that whole what point did he fall up his own ass because watching a show like that you're just like this is this is him up there smelling his own farts that's that's what this is um and I think we just as a society have to say you know what his is he peaked he peaked
[SPEAKER_02]: And his candy isn't that good.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's a lot of these showman people that always... I would say Elon Musk is another great example of a showman.
[SPEAKER_02]: A showy-ass fucking showman who definitely fell up his own ass and a lot of other people's asses.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, but now he's the president, so I mean, that's a thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Don't get me fucking started.
[SPEAKER_02]: Don't get me... You know what?
[SPEAKER_02]: I just... All I'm getting... I'm...
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm glad people can see what they voted for.
[SPEAKER_02]: I hope everybody can take, you know, at least 49% of this country can just take comfort.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's what you voted for.
[SPEAKER_02]: Enjoy.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is yours.
[SPEAKER_02]: You own it.
[SPEAKER_05]: Meanwhile, I'm going to be stocking up on chocolate because of the import tariffs.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, just don't get the Mr. Beast chocolate.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's shitty.
[SPEAKER_05]: All right.
[SPEAKER_05]: I just said I didn't care for it.
[SPEAKER_05]: I want good chocolate, but the good chocolate comes from Ghana.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's get into some other stuff at the top of the show here.
[SPEAKER_02]: We actually did have a topic we wanted to get into.
[SPEAKER_02]: And look, it's the holiday period.
[SPEAKER_02]: Things are getting slower.
[SPEAKER_02]: We actually, if I'm not mistaken, we actually have, this doesn't happen often, but we actually have Christmas and Hanukkah on the same day, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: So everything's, or at least the start of Hanukkah.
[SPEAKER_05]: Hanukkah starts sundown on the 25th, so yes, because Jewish holidays are sundown to sundown.
[SPEAKER_05]: Right, right.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a day.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then Kwanzaa always starts on December 26th.
[SPEAKER_02]: I guess Yule was yesterday.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I feel like everything is kind of landing in the same week.
[SPEAKER_05]: Hanukkah is usually during the middle of Christmas for the most part, but this one is just like, I get extended holiday.
[SPEAKER_02]: Early.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was early.
[SPEAKER_02]: Last year or the year before, it was like super early.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, keep in mind, you're dealing with a lunar calendar.
[SPEAKER_02]: I know, I know.
[SPEAKER_02]: Enjoy your vote.
[SPEAKER_02]: I love that.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: So not as much news, but boy, are there rumors because, you know, everybody's looking forward to 2025.
[SPEAKER_02]: What's going to happen in 2025?
[SPEAKER_02]: And Loki, it's the Switch 2, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: 2025, finally?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, there's a little bit, so there's not necessarily, some of these are a little bit more substantiated than others.
[SPEAKER_01]: So, for example, we kind of know what the Switch 2 is going to look like because there's been essentially product models that have gone out to like accessory companies to allow them to build accessories for these devices.
[SPEAKER_01]: and so one of them actually I don't know why this company publicly gave this to a YouTuber but whatever it's essentially a 3D printed copy of
[SPEAKER_01]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_01]: and so on.
[SPEAKER_01]: along with that though there's like kind of a breakdown of some of the different features from a bunch of different rumor mills and stuff like that so you know obviously they're saying that the Switch 2 is going to be called the Switch 2 it's basically the same as the Nintendo Switch but it has a number 2 on it they said that they're
[SPEAKER_01]: is, yeah, the long, rounded hollow area.
[SPEAKER_01]: Why not?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, I mean, it makes sense.
[SPEAKER_02]: Pixel 9, iPhone 16, like, why not?
[SPEAKER_02]: You can number the device.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think Nintendo Switch 2 would honestly be a fine name.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, and then it says, yeah, basically the Joy-Cons are going to use magnetic hall effect thumbsticks.
[SPEAKER_01]: So that makes it so that they're not going to be drifting, which is nice.
[SPEAKER_01]: There's a U-shaped rail of a kickstand.
[SPEAKER_01]: It looks like the kickstand actually from the model that looked like it was like the same one that was on the OLED.
[SPEAKER_01]: So it might be something like that.
[SPEAKER_01]: they said the Switch dock is slightly different also the Switch itself the Switch 2 has a USB port on top and on bottom the thought is maybe that they're going to use that in case you want to charge it so it won't be in the way if it's like on the bottom like a lot of times so you have an option to plug it in the top or bottom maybe like their accessories can plug into it as well you can also have something plugged in while it's docked is what that says to me
[SPEAKER_01]: Uh, possibly, yeah, I mean, but even though now, though, the dock does normally have, like, USB ports on it, so maybe it's that, or it could be that, you know, you're...
[SPEAKER_01]: Maybe they support USB headphones, something like that.
[SPEAKER_01]: But there's still... The setup is pretty much the same as the Switch itself, the only difference being that USB port on top.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, and then just the new dock, or the dock for the Switch 2 is rated for 45 watts instead of 60 watts, whatever the hell that means.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: and the yeah the cooling vents are a little bit different so essentially you're getting a switch it's probably going to be more powerful it's going to be bigger and it's going to have magnetic joy cons so it's not a pain in the ass to put them on and off and also you can't put them on backwards where they get jammed in there and stuck and the joysticks won't suck so
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm excited to see what games are coming.
[SPEAKER_02]: To be fair, I'm fine with it being the formula that works and just being more souped up, I guess, with the parts being more.
[SPEAKER_02]: That being said, I think it took way too fucking long to get here, if that is what it is.
[SPEAKER_02]: But it just makes me feel more and more like the OLED switch was really supposed to be something different.
[SPEAKER_02]: But pandemic and all that, with supply issues and all that other stuff, it just didn't pan out that way.
[SPEAKER_02]: Speaking of super things, looking in chat, PogCulture says, should have been Super Switch for the name.
[SPEAKER_02]: But Mike Deft replies and comments, as much as us retro nerds would love that, I think keeping it simple and just numbering the thing is better for sales.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I'm kind of with Deft.
[SPEAKER_02]: And like, you know, yeah, PogCulture, the name is cute.
[SPEAKER_02]: I've said it too at some point.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I also kind of realized, like, you know, I just gave those examples.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's kind of what people are sort of used to with tech.
[SPEAKER_02]: is that the device gets you know a higher number and people go higher number mean better and so it you know that's that's what people are sort of conditioned to at this point and so that's why I'm like yeah Switch 2 is a fine name and honestly we all do not want them to make a mistake like they made with Wii U and give it like a really silly name and if they're not changing up the formula of the whole Switch concept sure Switch 2 great do it it's fine um
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_02]: SJ100Matt says, I'm interested to see the games and how they look like Pokemon Legends ZA.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, that is 100% true.
[SPEAKER_02]: 100% true.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm really excited.
[SPEAKER_01]: I just want to see what they're launching with.
[SPEAKER_01]: I want to see how it changes the old games too.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, see how that works.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'll play Pokemon Legends all over again if it runs better on Switch too.
[SPEAKER_01]: I can imagine, if I were to guess, I would say that maybe the older versions of the games would run
[SPEAKER_01]: basically in the docked mode, but on the handheld.
[SPEAKER_01]: So essentially, it would improve the performance using it via handheld.
[SPEAKER_02]: Then what is it like if it's docked?
[SPEAKER_02]: It doesn't do anything.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's the reverse.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's worse.
[SPEAKER_01]: No, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_01]: We'll have to see.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, I'm sure we're going to get an announcement within a few weeks.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
[SPEAKER_05]: um it was kind of limited of course because I have a stitch in my finger um it makes it really hard for anything that I need to be able to use my enter key with typing was a pain in the ass let me tell you um so I've basically stuck to things I can play with my controller easily I'm not venturing into dead by daylight on a controller no thank you
[SPEAKER_05]: So I've been playing a lot of Dragon Age, The Veil Guard.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm super into it.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I played a little bit of Polya.
[SPEAKER_05]: I've played some Dead by Daylight, just not very well.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, mostly that stuff.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think I played a little Klonoa.
[SPEAKER_02]: How cute.
[SPEAKER_05]: Because I fucking love Klonoa.
[SPEAKER_05]: And a couple of shooters.
[SPEAKER_05]: What did I play?
[SPEAKER_05]: I played some Raiden.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's what I played.
[SPEAKER_05]: Nice.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, yeah, just, you know, into just some little things.
[SPEAKER_05]: But I've been mostly just super busy prepping for my ballet recital.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay, fair enough.
[SPEAKER_02]: Loki, we'll go to you.
[SPEAKER_02]: How was your game week?
[SPEAKER_01]: I did a lot of Minecraft stuff.
[SPEAKER_01]: I've been working really hard on getting the final area of my theme park done.
[SPEAKER_01]: and that's just on Steam I also have it on my phone so you know playing that when we go to piano practice and stuff like that
[SPEAKER_02]: Loki, DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_02]: I thought Ariana Grande was perfect Cynthia Erivo obviously has a set of pipes she's great so yeah it was great but that's not why I thought of you Loki I thought of you because in the 25 minutes of trailers leading up to the movie and commercials we got to see the newest trailer for the Minecraft movie mhm
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_02]: I really, really hope for him it's better than this trailer.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean...
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm sure it'll be, I don't know, it'll be okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's gonna be what it is.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's either gonna be really terrible or pretty good.
[SPEAKER_01]: So it's, I think either way it'll be enjoyable to either make fun of it or to enjoy it.
[SPEAKER_02]: TigerClaw in chat says, have you seen the Superman trailer?
[SPEAKER_02]: Actually, yes.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I will say, and I feel like a lot of people are feeling this way, it looked pretty good.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, it's really easy to be very cynical about a lot of those superhero movie trailers sometimes.
[SPEAKER_02]: That Superman trailer looked...
[SPEAKER_02]: Looked like they found the sweet spot of modernizing the 70s movies.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, it's James Gunn, so James Gunn does no wrong.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, it's completely recast.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a new guy.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't even know his name.
[SPEAKER_02]: Lois Lane's different, too.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a whole new cast.
[SPEAKER_02]: Except Nathan Fillion is in it as the green...
[SPEAKER_01]: I hate that character.
[SPEAKER_02]: But it feels like they're packing a lot of characters in that.
[SPEAKER_02]: The fucking dog, super dog, Crypto, is in it and is kind of a key part of that trailer.
[SPEAKER_02]: I will say the best part of that Superman trailer was the music because it sort of incorporates the 70s theme but isn't a copy of it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'll watch the trailer.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is the year we're going to go see more movies than we never do.
[SPEAKER_02]: We really need to stick to it this next year.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because we obviously have to go see the Wicked sequel.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's when it hopefully won't take us so long.
[SPEAKER_05]: I still haven't seen it.
[SPEAKER_05]: I haven't seen the play.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't care.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I'll tell you why.
[SPEAKER_05]: Because it deviates from the book way too much.
[SPEAKER_02]: The original LF Bomb books, or you mean the musical deviates from the book?
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay, so I'll say this.
[SPEAKER_05]: From the book, and I like the sequel, Son of a Witch.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'll say this much.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, because I did feel when I walked away from the Wicked movie, I was like, okay, that feels kind of padded.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I could tell that it's padded, because they have to make it two movies.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I also don't know how they could make it just one.
[SPEAKER_02]: S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, the book goes there.
[SPEAKER_05]: I mean, there's a full description of what her cooch looks like.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, heck no.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, that's not in the movie.
[SPEAKER_05]: And it's gross because it's written by a guy.
[SPEAKER_05]: But the rest of the book is so good.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's like political intrigue and...
[SPEAKER_02]: Some of that comes through in the movie because I will say I did find myself, especially in the first hour and a half of the movie, I found myself sitting there watching going, I don't know if this movie works as well as it does in a year that's not 2024.
[SPEAKER_02]: I will say that was a strong reaction I had going, you would almost think they were beating us over the head with this if I didn't know that this was based on a book written in the 90s.
[SPEAKER_02]: I kind of wish that there was a movie for Tale of an Ugly Stepsister.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, I don't know that one.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's so good.
[SPEAKER_02]: I do want to find out more about that Son of a Witch, though.
[SPEAKER_02]: I know that, yeah, it's all about, I know generally what it's about.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: They have said they're looking into doing, like, continuing the Wicked universe further after these movies, but they don't just want to do, like, Wicked 3 and 4.
[SPEAKER_02]: That wouldn't make sense.
[SPEAKER_02]: I wonder if that's not the route they go down, that they end up adapting that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Especially, I could spoil how it ends, but.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, don't, but yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, we know how it ends.
[SPEAKER_02]: I know how Wicked ends.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, enough about Wicked.
[SPEAKER_02]: Sorry, it's supposed to be gaming weeks, but, you know, holiday week.
[SPEAKER_02]: Lack of news.
[SPEAKER_02]: So my gaming week.
[SPEAKER_02]: So Steam Deck.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes, I've been playing some things on my Steam Deck.
[SPEAKER_02]: I talked about before Hades and Hades 2.
[SPEAKER_02]: And yeah, some things here and there.
[SPEAKER_02]: A little bit of No Man's Sky.
[SPEAKER_02]: That was the first game I had to play on the deck was No Man's Sky.
[SPEAKER_02]: And it runs pretty well.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was still installing games in the background.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I think it was cutting into performance.
[SPEAKER_02]: but um you know it works about as well as you would think it's probably better than a Switch uh as how it runs so um yeah I was a fan of that um the biggest thing I've also been playing this week here we go so we have all these holiday sales that have been going on and I kept telling myself I said I am not buying that World of Warcraft expansion until it goes on sale and during Black Friday it did not go on sale and I said I'm not buying it it's not on sale well
[SPEAKER_05]: How much did you pay for it?
[SPEAKER_02]: That's what they put on sale for the holidays.
[SPEAKER_02]: 25% off.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I want to say it was like $32 or something like that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Beats a sharp stick in the eye.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I bought War Within.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I will say this.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's weird because modern WoW is so different than classic WoW.
[SPEAKER_02]: They've just changed so much, especially when it comes to quality of life improvements of the systems and all that stuff and how you quest and all these other things.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I will say there are some mechanics in WoW, modern WoW, like they really...
[SPEAKER_02]: It's interesting.
[SPEAKER_02]: You really see how Final Fantasy XIV's success has strongly influenced WoW.
[SPEAKER_02]: And in this thing, it's really about NPCs.
[SPEAKER_02]: They took a lot of what trusts have become in Final Fantasy XIV and they put it in.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I would say they actually took it one step further and made it better.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because they have not just that you can take NPCs into full-on regular dungeons.
[SPEAKER_02]: You can just take NPCs into dungeons now.
[SPEAKER_02]: But they also have these specific things called Delves.
[SPEAKER_02]: that are kind of like the scenarios in Pandaria, but they feel a lot more like they're actual mini dungeons.
[SPEAKER_02]: And they have a whole sliding difficulty, and you do it with NPCs, and I think it's great.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I kind of hope Final Fantasy XIV incorporates some of that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Obviously, Final Fantasy XIV owes its...
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm not going to say that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, my heart is with Final Fantasy because I've always been a Final Fantasy fanboy, but there is room in my heart for both.
[SPEAKER_02]: I like both games, and I recognize that when both games are doing well, MMOs as a whole and gaming in general is better.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so I'm glad that they're both in the place that they're at.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm not glad Blizzard had to struggle to get there, but I'm very glad to see that Blizzard is, appearingly, on the other end of these struggles, and WoW is a better product as a result than it was during
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: I remember enjoying Legion.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, well, Legion was probably the last really good expansion.
[SPEAKER_02]: But to be fair, actually, Dragonflight, the last one, I played through the main scenario in that and I remember enjoying it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I just kind of fell off at some point.
[SPEAKER_05]: I was kind of thinking about getting in and trying to do the Dragonflight stuff, but the Shadowland thing doesn't really piss me off so much because they...
[SPEAKER_05]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: you can run instances with everything and I don't even know if guilds can be crossed but like they are definitely tearing down a lot of walls between Horde and Alliance I mean you can still go to a PvP server and it's like old school if that's what you want but otherwise yeah I think it's a little bit more kind of real world nuanced if you think about it yeah because I mean one wasn't bad
[SPEAKER_05]: They just had different philosophies.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's a different culture.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, again, I don't want to keep saying that WoW owes everything to Final Fantasy XIV, but I think the success of XIV kind of showed, and a big key element of XIV is that everybody's on the same side.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, yeah, you can pick one of three city states for PvP, but it really doesn't matter.
[SPEAKER_02]: It really doesn't matter.
[SPEAKER_02]: And like everybody plays together in 14 and it's fine.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so I kind of think that nudged WoW to move in this direction where it's like, you know what, more people to party up with is better than less.
[SPEAKER_02]: can people actually understand each other now though that's the thing uh I don't know like in party chat yeah but in the open language yeah I know I know what you're talking about but I don't know I haven't tried it I haven't tried it um I did want to address some comments in chat because I haven't um see everything uh pod culture says there is a prequel book coming on young Elphaba I didn't know that that's it but I guess I'm not surprised to hear that is actually written by the guy McGuire
[SPEAKER_02]: He's still around, I would assume so, but we'll see.
[SPEAKER_02]: Bonds006 says, no spoilers, but saw Sonic 3.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I have to catch up on the Sonic movies, but I definitely noticed that Sonic was playing down the hall.
[SPEAKER_02]: and all the families were going to see Sonic so like it must have done good box office this weekend because that Sonic showing looks sold out by the way because I didn't do my research in advance I had tickets to see Wicked downtown at what we call the Golden 1 Center because the Golden 1 Arena is there where the Sacramento Kings play and smart ass fucking me bought tickets when the exact same time as the Kings vs. Lakers game at that Golden 1 Arena fuck
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, I survived, but I got really annoyed at the parking attendance there, but we'll save that for later.
[SPEAKER_01]: We saw Wicked.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't even know what it is because I've never really seen a theater like this, but they had this weird thing where the movie's projected on the screen in front of you, and they project it on the walls too, so it's like a weird wraparound thing.
[SPEAKER_04]: That sounds horrible.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was kind of cool, actually.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'd be into that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_01]: yeah so that was kind of overwhelming it was at first but then you kind of get used to it and it was all right but yeah i saw sonic 3 my autistic brain tiger claw says it beat mufasa did it really it did yeah wow there was a mufasa movie yeah i think and i think that says all you need to know
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't keep up with movies that much anymore.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't either.
[SPEAKER_02]: What was the last movie I saw?
[SPEAKER_05]: Alien Romulus was the last movie I think I saw.
[SPEAKER_05]: So
[SPEAKER_01]: I was going to say, I watched the Sonic 3 movie.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was good.
[SPEAKER_01]: I liked it because, you know, Jim Carrey, of course.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then I also watched Secret Level, that series.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, I think we had a Blue Sky post about that.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I'm going to come back to you later on that question, okay, about Secret Level.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay, also I wanted to get some other comments here.
[SPEAKER_02]: TigerClaw is pointing out, now TigerClaw is a Sonic fanboy, but has receipts in chat showing that Sonic 3 is certified fresh with 86%.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's the highest rated video game movie of all time as far as Metacritic goes.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know, it depends what kind of stock you want to put in Metacritic, but still, he has a point.
[SPEAKER_02]: You don't see video game movies very often getting such high ratings from critics.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's pretty impressive.
[SPEAKER_02]: So...
[SPEAKER_02]: That's pretty interesting.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, sorry.
[SPEAKER_02]: Rotten Tomatoes, not Medicare.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, same thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Same thing.
[SPEAKER_01]: They own them.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's the same thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: And SSJ100Matt is asking, did you see it at Arco Arena?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_02]: I forgot.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_02]: Everything is Arco Arena.
[SPEAKER_02]: I saw it at Arco Arena.
[SPEAKER_02]: But guess what?
[SPEAKER_02]: The beam did not turn on because the kings lost.
[SPEAKER_02]: So there was no beam.
[SPEAKER_05]: And no one is surprised.
[SPEAKER_02]: So we're back to the old kings.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, what else was my gaming week?
[SPEAKER_02]: I think I've said enough.
[SPEAKER_02]: World of Warcraft, that was the big one.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm leveling fast.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm already like level 76 and I haven't left the first zone.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's kind of surprising.
[SPEAKER_05]: You know what, Rob?
[SPEAKER_05]: What if I went back to WoW and revived Rebecca Black?
[SPEAKER_05]: You should.
[SPEAKER_05]: By the way, Rebecca's- My level 80 paladin.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay, but like if you haven't heard-
[SPEAKER_02]: If you haven't heard Rebecca Black's new music, like keep in mind she's in her late 20s now.
[SPEAKER_02]: They're fucking bangers.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like she's a pop.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh no, I'm totally into her.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, she's, oh, she's.
[SPEAKER_02]: And she goes off.
[SPEAKER_02]: And here's the thing about Rebecca Black.
[SPEAKER_02]: and if you this is always going to be the barometer I don't care who you are what you're into it this is always going to be the barometer the gays are eating Rebecca Black up right now she did a thing in San Francisco that was like a free concert where she was like DJing or something and like there's shots of City Hall or wherever the whole thing was going on wall-to-wall people
[SPEAKER_02]: everybody turned out for Rebecca Black and honestly if I wasn't in Nashville that same weekend I probably would have gone so like like like I know Rebecca Black was like a he he ha ha when when Friday came out but I'm telling you sort of go listen to um uh oh god I can't remember the name of that single that just came out so throw this out here and this is not a me I I see the future it's when she did Saturday
[SPEAKER_05]: Trust.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: Good for her.
[SPEAKER_05]: We love a redemption arc.
[SPEAKER_05]: I mean, not that she ever... Like, again...
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_01]: Alright, well, we had a call, I guess, or investor call, I'm assuming, with Microsoft talking about, you know, where they see the future of Xbox.
[SPEAKER_01]: And one of the quotes that came out of that is basically that we're redefining what it means to be an Xbox fan.
[SPEAKER_01]: And to which I say, no, the fuck you aren't.
[SPEAKER_01]: You stupid buzz speak that you say.
[SPEAKER_01]: What they're trying to push is that, hey, you know what?
[SPEAKER_01]: Being an Xbox fan doesn't mean that you own an Xbox necessarily.
[SPEAKER_01]: It means that you play Xbox games, but those games may be on...
[SPEAKER_01]: Other platforms.
[SPEAKER_01]: They may be on mobile devices.
[SPEAKER_01]: They may be on your computer.
[SPEAKER_01]: They may be on, you know, a TV with a built-in Xbox app.
[SPEAKER_01]: You know, cloud streaming.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's just wherever Xbox platform is available, that's where they're basically saying you can play it anywhere you want.
[SPEAKER_01]: And you can see this with their new advertising campaign.
[SPEAKER_01]: This is an Xbox!
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, exactly.
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, this is an Xbox.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's becoming more of a brand.
[SPEAKER_01]: you know listen you know at the end of the day what the message should be is that no corporation is going to tell you what the fuck you are okay so just tell them to shut the fuck up and keep making your games and then that'd be it I mean because oh we're redefining what a fan is no the fuck you are just like you're redefining what TV is like shut up like seriously shut the fuck up like you don't know what the hell you're talking about so yeah Xbox corporate speak you know what's
[SPEAKER_02]: You know what's interesting in Xbox Land?
[SPEAKER_02]: Here's the interesting thing about Xbox Land, because we've been off for a couple weeks, and I think something we've kind of missed is that the launch of the Indiana Jones game from Bethesda, Indiana Jones and the Great Circle, apparently people are saying... It's getting big kudos, and there's a lot of people saying, Xbox has a banger of an exclusive in this, and apparently Indiana Jones is...
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_02]: So I'm like, I'd play it.
[SPEAKER_02]: But just to show like, well, Xbox is having a pretty good year.
[SPEAKER_02]: And obviously, Hellblade 2 got a lot of nominations.
[SPEAKER_02]: And they seem to have some really good exclusives right now.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I feel like more people are talking about that than, well, what did Sony put out this half of the year?
[SPEAKER_02]: Sony's kind of been like, I don't think they really had any bigger exclusives.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, they remastered The Last of Us again.
[SPEAKER_02]: They didn't really have any... So I feel like Microsoft's made the most of this opportunity for whatever it's worth.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, they had Astrobots.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, yeah, Astrobots.
[SPEAKER_01]: That did well.
[SPEAKER_01]: Game of the Year
[SPEAKER_01]: also we shouldn't be fans of consoles we should be fans of games like honestly like stop like they a lot of corporations and I'm just very anti-corporation now lots of corporations want you to root for them and like be on their back and defend them from criticism and stuff like that I don't think we should be doing any of that I think if you're a fan of a game you're a fan of a game but don't like the console war thing is over the console war thing is all made up
[SPEAKER_05]: what does that always say?
[SPEAKER_01]: a system is only as good as the games that are on it yeah it's just nobody should be exactly, you're going to have ups, you're going to have downs you know, at the end of the day it's the developers who should matter it's not these publishers and these console manufacturers that should make matter at all, it really isn't and I don't know, I just I'm kind of tired of it
[SPEAKER_01]: No, I hear you.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, I think though that it's an overall sentiment with all of the drama that we've had with all these companies and their leadership, you know, amongst other things that were, there just seems to be a lot of consumer fatigue around that whole concept as well.
[SPEAKER_05]: You know what I mean?
[SPEAKER_05]: Honestly, I think there's a lot of consumer fatigue in general.
[SPEAKER_05]: But I have many, many thoughts on that.
[SPEAKER_05]: I still am trying to wrap words around, if that makes sense.
[SPEAKER_06]: Sure.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, for now, I'm going to... Look, I feel you on that.
[SPEAKER_05]: I absolutely do.
[SPEAKER_02]: For now, I'm going to trek on over to our next story, which is about the end of Dungeons & Dragons, or at least one version of it.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it's Dungeons & Dragons Dark Alliance is going to be shut down by Wizards of the Coast early in 2025.
[SPEAKER_02]: The game will no longer be available for purchase and all the servers will be going down permanently on February 24th, 2025.
[SPEAKER_02]: Saving the base game and all DLC is still available to play an offline single player by anybody who currently owns it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Dark Alliance of course originally launched in 2021 with a single player mode and you can do up to four players co-op online and that was the first time that Wizards of the Coast did a D&D dedicated game and that was supposed to be kind of a spiritual successor to Baldur's Gate Dark Alliance.
[SPEAKER_02]: But it did not get quite the same high scores review-wise as the predecessors to that.
[SPEAKER_02]: And imagine most of the D&D fans are being satisfied right now by Baldur's Gate 3.
[SPEAKER_02]: So there's probably a reason why in there they're saying goodbye to this old game.
[SPEAKER_02]: So that is going to be ending.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's always been these rumors...
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, um...
[SPEAKER_05]: I think, you know, considering like old IPs and things like that too, um, Capcom is still going on their thing to reactivate their old IPs, you know.
[SPEAKER_05]: Um, they are, uh, they had a shareholder meeting in June where they were saying they were reviewing what's next and that fans were saying they wanted to see stuff like Breath of Fire and, uh,
[SPEAKER_05]: you know, Crazy Taxi and Shinobi and Jet Set Radio, Virtua Fighter so they are still going back through everything where is our Project Justice or our rival schools?
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm looking at you, Capcom I'll take a Mega Man Legends, thank you
[SPEAKER_05]: The company is working to further enhance corporate value by leveraging its rich library of content, which includes reviving its past IPs, like the two titles announced above, Onimusha and Okami, in order to continuously produce highly efficient, high-quality titles.
[SPEAKER_05]: So yeah, we are getting another Okami game.
[SPEAKER_05]: Ah, so pretty.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, maybe it can happen.
[SPEAKER_05]: We keep pushing on them.
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkTipsy in chat says you know where they could start Mega Man hasn't had a new game since Mega Man 11 but I suppose what they're doing with Okami and Onimusha so there's that I think those are testing the waters that's where I see that alright let's move on Loki let's look at something that shouldn't have passed the testing stage Loki
[SPEAKER_01]: And there's just no getting through to Ubisoft, honestly.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, they've dabbled in NFTs in the past with this failed... I don't even remember what it was.
[SPEAKER_01]: Failed system with the Rainbow Six franchise and stuff like that, but...
[SPEAKER_01]: Now they're doubling down, because you know what?
[SPEAKER_01]: They're not going to be told that, no, this isn't going to be successful.
[SPEAKER_01]: So now, Captain Laserhawk, the game, Captain Laserhawk being a character from the Blood Dragon spin-off.
[SPEAKER_02]: This just sounds like someone went to chat GPT and said, name my video game superhero for my NFT game.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, first off, I forgot this was even a thing.
[SPEAKER_01]: So yeah, they had a Captain Laserhawk animated series that was on Netflix, completely...
[SPEAKER_01]: Slip my mind that that was a thing.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then, of course, now this brand new game also has Rayman in it as well.
[SPEAKER_01]: But even to start playing the game, you need a Ninja Warrior NFT to play.
[SPEAKER_01]: and they were offering 10,000 of them for free with some Web3 transactions or something like that, but it ends up that you have to fork over about $14 or .0022 in Ethereum.
[SPEAKER_01]: No thanks.
[SPEAKER_01]: And essentially they also added Rayman as an announcer for these deathmatches in this game, which is weird.
[SPEAKER_01]: And yeah, so...
[SPEAKER_01]: In the end, you know, to summarize, this is bullshit.
[SPEAKER_01]: Don't buy it.
[SPEAKER_01]: Don't play it.
[SPEAKER_01]: And yeah, just let it rot like all the other NFT stuff that Ubisoft wants to put out.
[SPEAKER_01]: It is not going to happen, Ubisoft.
[SPEAKER_01]: Sorry.
[SPEAKER_01]: That ship has sailed.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, it's like if you were to have built the Titanic right next to a iceberg and you just...
[SPEAKER_01]: you cracked the champagne on the board and it crashed immediately of Costa Rica so it's just not gonna happen and just don't when I see NFT my mind immediately goes no fucking thanks exactly
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, let's move on to a better use of your money, and that is spending it on sales.
[SPEAKER_02]: Increasing your backlog of games you will never, ever play thanks to things like the Steam Winter Sale.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that's right, the Steam Winter Sale...
[SPEAKER_02]: Did kick off a couple days ago and it is running through January 2nd And you can get such titles like Baldur's Gate 3 for $48 Cyberpunk 2077 for $27 Elden Ring for $36, that's 40% off A 60% discount on No Man's Sky for $24 Cities Skyline down to $9 Let's see, Bellatro is on sale as well I don't see the price on that, but...
[SPEAKER_02]: yeah it's it's down as well so there's a lot of sales and of course you get a lot of games dirt cheap too for example if you want to play Larian Studios game before Baldur's Gate 3 Divinity Original Sin you can pick that up for four bucks
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: the day we're doing this podcast which is a few years old at this point but it's a decent it's a fun little game if you didn't know that the first game they gave away on Thursday was Vampire Survivors so if you somehow still didn't have that game hopefully you picked up on that on Thursday but if not it's it's on Xbox Game Pass it's like five dollars on most of the storefronts probably even on sale on a lot of them right now it's it's very much worth your time to check that game out
[SPEAKER_02]: so but usually keep an eye out because Epic Games Store usually puts out a pretty big one right at the end they might do a big one on Christmas Eve or Christmas Day because I think they gave away the Tomb Raider trilogy at one point like the new Tomb Raider games like was either last year or the year before so keep an eye out because they usually do a pretty big banger either the last day or like on one of the big holidays so
[SPEAKER_02]: if you are an Epic person.
[SPEAKER_02]: Some people are like, I'm not installing that shit.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's fine.
[SPEAKER_02]: But, you know.
[SPEAKER_05]: For anyone on Epic, Marvel's Midnight Suns is nine bucks right now.
[SPEAKER_05]: Oh, nice.
[SPEAKER_05]: And it's a fun game and is absolutely worth having.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: And as Joe and Hunter Matt is pointing out in chat, the first game you should get on Steam or itch.io is Pixel Poops number two.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_02]: Show your loved ones you love them this holiday season by giving them the gift of poop.
[SPEAKER_02]: Fun for the whole family.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's move on.
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, I think we're up over to you.
[SPEAKER_05]: Oh, yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: So Sega is potentially making a bad decision.
[SPEAKER_05]: Sorry, potentially making a bad decision.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'll say it louder.
[SPEAKER_05]: They are considering launching their own Netflix type subscription service to do video games.
[SPEAKER_05]: which I mean they're really leaning back more towards streaming games but their president Sumi Shuji basically were saying that subscription products are quote very interesting and the firm is quote evaluating some opportunities they can't disclose anything right now but this is looking to be like a path that they would want to take that it would
[SPEAKER_05]: um have a subscription for it so that there's a constant influx of money for people who are on those games um and uh but I I don't know that a subscription service would really be the thing I think that they're doing well by going through Twitch for some of their bringing back their old games but they are but uh he also was saying that uh
[SPEAKER_05]: that he wanted to say that the company had lost its way and he said he wants to make Sega shiny again.
[SPEAKER_05]: They've been putting too much focus on success in Japan and are really trying to push back toward the global stage and that quote Sega has somehow lost confidence.
[SPEAKER_02]: um so they want to bring back that rock and roll mentality to gaming well and you know again to go back to something that came up earlier Sonic 3 beat the Lion King at the box office this weekend I mean that should show that people here give a shit about you know at least one big Sega IP and I think there's a lot of there's a lot of Sega love in this country for a lot of different stuff so
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I hate it when these companies get way too focused on Japan and don't see the rest of the world.
[SPEAKER_02]: Maybe I'm just biased because I don't live in Japan.
[SPEAKER_02]: I live here.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I feel like this also kind of goes back to like old Konami and what bugged me about them and certain other companies that kind of get too focused on one area and lose sight of the rest of the world, which is unfortunate.
[SPEAKER_04]: I personally enjoy games that are geared toward the Japanese audiences because I find them more engaging than just the same stuff I could watch on TV or in a movie in the US.
[SPEAKER_02]: Sure, but you still have to release them here and try to attempt to market them here.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm going to chat also, you know, Dark Tootsie brings up the recent delisting of all the classic Sega games pointing out over twitch.tv slash VOG Network would definitely track with everything that just got delisted.
[SPEAKER_02]: Color me optimistic.
[SPEAKER_02]: I hope it turns out good so that maybe part of why all these old games get delisted is to feed into a new subscription style service.
[SPEAKER_05]: I agree with SSJ100, Matt.
[SPEAKER_05]: I refuse to sign it forward unless it's called the Sega Channel.
[SPEAKER_02]: Actually, that would be kind of rad if they brought back the Sega Channel.
[SPEAKER_02]: Why not?
[SPEAKER_02]: Sega's supposed to be bringing back all their... Own the name!
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, go for it.
[SPEAKER_02]: That would be rad.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, meanwhile, what's going on at the Sony Channel, Loki?
[SPEAKER_01]: You know, they're just purchasing shares in companies to have the largest stake in those.
[SPEAKER_02]: This was a rumor, I think, on our last episode before the break, so I think we finally have some clarity on where this all ended up.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, so Sony now has purchased, or is now the largest shareholder of Kedokawa, the company that's, of course, a parent company from software, as well as many other animation and video...
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm sure there's books as well.
[SPEAKER_01]: And yeah, it says in the future, it says the two companies plan to discuss specific initiatives for collaborations such as initiatives to adapt Kadokawa's IP into live action films, TV dramas.
[SPEAKER_01]: Hey, you got to do something after, you know, all those Spider-Man movies or
[SPEAKER_01]: done so well in the box office.
[SPEAKER_01]: What?
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm surprised that Craven the Hunter wasn't the number one film of the week.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's a shock.
[SPEAKER_01]: They're going to also co-produce Anime Works, expand global distribution, and all sorts of other things.
[SPEAKER_01]: So, yeah, we'll see.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm sure none of that's going to be making Elder Green exclusive to the PlayStation platforms, which it already is, but, you know.
[SPEAKER_01]: Alright, I'm sure nothing evil is going to happen.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, nothing evil will happen out of this.
[SPEAKER_01]: We should do a scale.
[SPEAKER_01]: 0 to 10, or 1 to 10.
[SPEAKER_01]: How evil is this going to be?
[SPEAKER_01]: I give it a good solid 7.
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh yeah, 7?
6?
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, as 200 Matt points out, at least it wasn't the Tencent or the Saudi Investment Fund.
[SPEAKER_02]: True.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's how you get an 8 or a 9.
[SPEAKER_02]: Could be worse.
[SPEAKER_02]: Marvel vs. Capcom Infinite
[SPEAKER_02]: Marvel vs. Capcom, Infinite and Beyond is a new mod that's coming, and it's actually releasing, I believe, this week.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it was just announced, the mod project that's being led is... And I actually was watching Alan...
[SPEAKER_02]: Watch a streamer playing a little bit of this this week.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so I was like, what is this?
[SPEAKER_02]: Because this isn't looking... It was this whole thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: So apparently there were about 40 people working on this mod after about eight months.
[SPEAKER_02]: And a streamer, Maximilian, spent $30,000 of his own money to help make this a reality.
[SPEAKER_02]: And this is something you can't profit off this, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: When it's a mod.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because you can land in a lot of hot water with Capcom.
[SPEAKER_02]: So this is definitely giving back some of that streamer money.
[SPEAKER_02]: So that's pretty cool.
[SPEAKER_02]: so the mod did come out on Friday at least that was when it's scheduled to come out was December 20th for the PC version of Marvel Infinite on Steam and by the way it was on sale I don't know if it still is on sale but that's pretty cool so yeah and there's a whole I guess they're adding new characters to it and this whole thing so it's pretty cool you just love to see like that type of life get put into an old game there so
[SPEAKER_02]: SG100 Matt says, I would like to see the MVC Infinite sales numbers during the Steam sales because of it.
[SPEAKER_02]: And maybe that's a really good point as to why Capcom just kind of probably turns and looks the other way is because for all intents and purposes, this game was done.
[SPEAKER_02]: They weren't going to sell any more copies of this game.
[SPEAKER_02]: But now because of this mod project coming out, I think it's creating a lot of new interest in the game and it's probably going to sell more copies than it wouldn't before.
[SPEAKER_02]: PodCulture says it is on sale right now for $11.99.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's a pretty reasonable price.
[SPEAKER_02]: So very interesting.
[SPEAKER_02]: Good job, modders.
[SPEAKER_02]: And Mike Deft is giving kudos to Maximilian Dude for doing this, for financing it in our chat.
[SPEAKER_02]: So there you go.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright, let's travel back to a simpler time when I was going to say you didn't really mod games, but no, modders have always been around.
[SPEAKER_02]: So we're just going to travel back to a time when it probably would cost a lot more money and a lot more time to get these games modded.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's the classic game of the week.
[SPEAKER_02]: Here is the bump.
[SPEAKER_03]: and now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's time for the classic game of the week.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright, and DarkSakura, you said you wanted a little audio with this week's pick, so I'm gonna get this queued up here and here you go.
[SPEAKER_02]: Just the beginning of it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm gonna give you a little audio, okay?
[SPEAKER_02]: You ready?
[SPEAKER_02]: Here we go.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yep.
[SPEAKER_05]: Can you guess what it is, people who are watching?
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, you see, it's very easy to tell based off the video.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yes, it is Home Alone for the SNES.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I remember playing this game when it came out because my mom, against my suggestions, picked it up for my brothers.
[SPEAKER_05]: And it was oddly addicting.
[SPEAKER_05]: So...
[SPEAKER_05]: The Home Alone was based, of course, on the movie that came out in 1990.
[SPEAKER_05]: I did not realize, though, until like today that it was written by John Hughes.
[SPEAKER_05]: You know, so this Hughes movie.
[SPEAKER_05]: but there were all kinds of variants that came out I linked the SNES copy but there were multiple different versions of the game but it all follows the same plot about Kevin McAllister being left at home when his family goes to Paris and he has to prevent the wet bandits from burglarizing his home and he sets up traps
[SPEAKER_05]: so these versions came out on the NES, the Game Boy, Super Nintendo, Sega Master System, Sega Genesis, the Game Gear, the Amiga and MS-DOS platforms released between 1991 and 1992 and each of them play a little bit differently
[SPEAKER_05]: So for the SNES, you have to evade the Wet Bandits and bring all of the Macalester's fortunes down into the safe room in the basement.
[SPEAKER_05]: And then once they're there, then Kevin has to run past rats, bats, spiders, and ghosts in the basement and then fight a boss so he can make it to the safe room.
[SPEAKER_05]: that doesn't happen in the movie for the record the PC version you were given between from 8 o'clock to 9 o'clock which is about 5 minutes of real game time to set up traps to hurt the wet bandits after that period
[SPEAKER_05]: you have to activate the trap once and they all inflict one point of damage so you have to basically you can trigger some of them yourself but you need to have the guys trigger the traps too so for the NES you have to avoid being captured for 20 minutes and you can set traps during the house with different strengths and yeah
[SPEAKER_05]: for the Sega platforms they're kind of different they have more about the the traps and protecting the house while waiting 20 minutes for the police to arrive or 40 on higher difficulties and so they go around the neighborhood in their van deciding to go into another house and so you can travel by your sled to these houses and battle the bandits and yeah it doesn't make sense
[SPEAKER_05]: I mean, just every one of these has very, very different kinds of gameplays.
[SPEAKER_05]: There was, this was released by Bethesda Softworks in 1991.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm going to go with the first iteration of the game.
[SPEAKER_05]: but it had many other publishers there was THQ, there was Altron, Sega, Capstone Software but it was developed by Bethesda and Sega, Imagineering Inc, Probe Software and Manly and Associates for Amiga DOS so all for their different systems as far as how these games were received I'm going to quote Amanda Dyson of Mega
[SPEAKER_05]: Yikes.
[SPEAKER_05]: Burn!
[SPEAKER_05]: Megatech said the game would appeal to junior players, which is fine.
[SPEAKER_05]: My brothers played it.
[SPEAKER_05]: It was good for them.
[SPEAKER_05]: EGM said the Game Boy version was averaged to low and saying that the gameplay was slow and tedious and that it lacked variety and had very plain graphics.
[SPEAKER_05]: Sega Masterforce said the Master System was great for the graphics being crisp and clear and the music was catchy.
[SPEAKER_05]: Although the levels were just really basic.
[SPEAKER_05]: But you could get the hang of it.
[SPEAKER_05]: The game sold 50,000 units and Sega's version was considered one of the best.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't remember this part of the game.
[SPEAKER_05]: Pretty sad.
[SPEAKER_01]: LOL ads.
[SPEAKER_05]: Oh, God.
[SPEAKER_01]: And this is the part where Kevin McAllister gets his army and attacks the other army.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is the part where Kevin plays a game that looks nothing like the game that you actually download on your mobile phone.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: But, I mean, it was fun for a hot minute.
[SPEAKER_05]: You know, we played... It was mostly my brothers who were super into it, you know.
[SPEAKER_05]: Um...
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_05]: I mean, they were kids.
[SPEAKER_05]: They were preteens.
[SPEAKER_01]: I read through this from Blockbuster.
[SPEAKER_05]: I thought that the likenesses of the characters were pretty decent, you know?
[SPEAKER_05]: But I just like that the whole discussing their evil plot was to the dance of the sugarplum fairy.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: and always now I associate that with bad guys ever since I was also playing Hatoful Boyfriend and when Dr. Iwamine would show up his music was the Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy.
[SPEAKER_05]: So I now associate that with bad guys in video games around the holidays.
[SPEAKER_05]: So but you know while my brothers were playing Home Alone I was playing Late to the Past.
Mm-hmm.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_05]: But there you go.
[SPEAKER_02]: There it is.
[SPEAKER_05]: I figured it's holiday themed.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is timely.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's very timely.
[SPEAKER_05]: I almost picked like a Gremlins game, but I was like, I'll save that one for next year, maybe.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I just love that there's a giant vault with all the treasures.
[SPEAKER_05]: That was totally in their house.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's totally, totally.
[SPEAKER_05]: But I like the little shots from the movie to the digitized shots with the, yes!
[SPEAKER_05]: That's begging to be memed.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: I love it yeah you know and people often forget you know who played the mom in that movie Catherine O'Hara that's right Catherine O'Hara or you know Moira from Schitt's Creek or a variety obviously you know believe she's SCTV I've never watched Schitt's Creek right oh that show is so funny but um she is Mrs. Dietz yes all of that all of it so uh did you see Beetlejuice Beetlejuice Rob
[SPEAKER_02]: No, I did not see the sequel.
[SPEAKER_05]: That was the other movie.
[SPEAKER_05]: That was actually the last movie I saw.
[SPEAKER_05]: You need to see it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Is that on streaming yet?
[SPEAKER_02]: Gotta be, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: I can find out.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's been a few months.
[SPEAKER_02]: Probably.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think they come out.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think it's on DVD.
[SPEAKER_01]: 120 days.
[SPEAKER_01]: DVD, Loki?
[SPEAKER_01]: DVD, Grandpa?
[SPEAKER_01]: Hey, I don't know that because I was looking for a DVD.
[SPEAKER_01]: I know that because I follow, what was it, Wario64 or whatever that posts deals.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: And that was one of the deals that was posted, so that's how I know.
[SPEAKER_01]: Funny.
[SPEAKER_05]: Rob.
[SPEAKER_05]: What?
[SPEAKER_05]: If you still have access to the OLR account that I made for sharing my apps on that little Mac Mini that we used to run on Oh, probably, yeah You have access to my entire movie library I should log into that thing once in a while Maybe I should hook it up downstairs as like a media server That probably wouldn't be a bad idea You totally have access to my entire movie library Including Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice, Alien Romulus, all of that
[SPEAKER_05]: No one knows.
[SPEAKER_05]: No, no, no.
[SPEAKER_05]: You can't delete anything.
[SPEAKER_05]: I own it forever.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm just messing.
[SPEAKER_05]: And guess what?
[SPEAKER_05]: No one else has this.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's check in on a few other couple quick headlines.
[SPEAKER_02]: We don't have a lot of big news stories left, but we do have a few headlines here.
[SPEAKER_02]: So let's do some rapid fire news, Loki.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, the Sonic the Hedgehog movie was going to do well, and they kind of already figured that out even before I think it came out, because Sonic the Hedgehog 4 is now also greenlit, and it's supposed to be hitting theaters in 2027.
[SPEAKER_02]: Without spoiling anything, even I heard there's a pretty major teaser at the end of the movie.
[SPEAKER_01]: There is.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes, there is.
[SPEAKER_02]: It makes it very clear what's going to happen, or a character that's coming to the fourth movie.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes, a character.
[SPEAKER_01]: Mm-hmm.
[SPEAKER_01]: and then along with that there's also season 2 of Amazon's Secret Level which Secret Level was alright the latter half of the episodes were kind of disappointing I think a lot of it was just that it's very short some of these that I was really excited about like the Mega Man one
[SPEAKER_01]: was too short.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was just nothing happens and then it's over already.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's like five minutes later.
[SPEAKER_01]: So, but good to see that they're going to be bringing back a season two and hopefully we'll get some extensions onto some of these that were set up already, like the Mega Man one and Dungeons and Dragons and stuff like that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Um, I actually, I was going to go over to blue sky because we actually got a question regarding this and I figured I would get it now, uh, here.
[SPEAKER_02]: So Wayne and 12 over on blue sky was asking, did you watch any episodes of secret level on prime video?
[SPEAKER_02]: If so, what did you think of them?
[SPEAKER_02]: I thought the new world episode was pretty good.
[SPEAKER_02]: The Pac-Man episode was definitely something.
[SPEAKER_02]: So that was your review Loki too short.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, it was too short for a lot of them.
[SPEAKER_01]: The New World episode was good.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm not familiar with New World, but that's the one that Arnold Schwarzenegger voiced a character in.
[SPEAKER_01]: And so that was good, and that was a pretty nice self-contained short, I think.
[SPEAKER_01]: The Pac-Man one is strange, but then, funny enough, there's the... It was like the...
[SPEAKER_01]: Shadow, there's some new Namco game that is essentially that animation as a game.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's like a roguelike game.
[SPEAKER_01]: So that Pac-Man one, if you watch it just as the show itself, it's like, wow, that's a dark take on Pac-Man, which is great.
[SPEAKER_01]: I think it was an interesting take on it, but now there's also going to be a game based off of that.
[SPEAKER_01]: The other ones I watched too, I mean, I watched most of the first
[SPEAKER_01]: Half.
[SPEAKER_01]: So they released it like kind of like seven episodes and eight episodes, I believe.
[SPEAKER_01]: I watched everything but Crossfire because I heard that was terrible.
[SPEAKER_01]: And so I'm trying to think what else.
[SPEAKER_01]: The Dungeons and Dragons was good.
[SPEAKER_01]: That was a good self-contained thing.
[SPEAKER_01]: What was it?
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh gosh, I don't remember the name of the series.
[SPEAKER_01]: Um...
[SPEAKER_01]: Armored Core with Keanu Reeves was awesome like that like that right there should be just proof of concept to make a full movie out of that and the Warhammer 40k stuff was awesome as well those are really good for the second one I really the second half I only watched the Mega Man one and then I kind of like
[SPEAKER_01]: didn't really watch the rest of them.
[SPEAKER_01]: I watched some reviews of those, and they said the second half was not as good.
[SPEAKER_01]: And that kind of tanked the rest of them.
[SPEAKER_01]: So that's unfortunate, but they're not always going to be winners.
[SPEAKER_01]: I really am a big fan of Love, Death, and the Robots.
[SPEAKER_01]: So it's, you know, I'm looking forward to season two.
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, sorry, we made rapid fire news a little longer there, but I had to ask.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, you had to ask on Blue Sky.
[SPEAKER_02]: And by the way, if you want to follow us on Blue Sky, our username is OrangeloungeRadio.com because people are still figuring out that you can have your domain as a username on Blue Sky.
[SPEAKER_02]: So just look up OrangeloungeRadio.com on Blue Sky and you can follow us.
[SPEAKER_02]: You can also follow us on Discord where we take suggestions throughout the week over at VOGnetwork.com slash Discord.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's VOGnetwork.com slash Discord.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay, we have a couple other quick headlines for you.
[SPEAKER_02]: Dark Sakura.
[SPEAKER_05]: So I'd like to say happy birthday to Snatcher.
[SPEAKER_05]: It actually was the U.S.
[SPEAKER_05]: release of Snatcher, the only one that made it out over here.
[SPEAKER_05]: It came out first off for the PC-98 and MSX2 in Japan 1988 and got a very big following.
[SPEAKER_05]: I mean, who today doesn't know what Snatcher is?
[SPEAKER_05]: um but at any rate um there was one English release version in 1994 December for the Sega CD or Mega CD um and uh it was and good luck finding an affordable one question mark and tarabang but there are
[SPEAKER_05]: They had some issues with some of the legal, like they had to take Kamen Rider out and some of the other Konami characters and changing the age of a character to 18.
[SPEAKER_05]: Light gun segments, yeah, and different voice acting, of course.
[SPEAKER_05]: They had to do a lot to it to make it happen.
[SPEAKER_05]: but they put a lot of energy time and money into bringing this game out and the game sold at most 2,000 copies in the US region and it didn't do very well but it's one of like those special games you get your hands on it and and heck I mean it's uh
[SPEAKER_05]: I really wish that it had done better over here.
[SPEAKER_05]: But there is a little chance of it being re-released, but there are fan translations that do a really good job of it.
[SPEAKER_05]: And that's for the Saturn versions and whatnot.
[SPEAKER_05]: But Snatcher is just one of those glorious cyberpunk games that is just totally... I'm down for it.
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean,
[SPEAKER_05]: And even little things from this and police knots have made it into the Metal Gear series and other Konami series.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, one other quick story for you that has to do with a new patch for Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_02]: If the game moved too slow for you because, you know, you can easily spend 100 hours plus on this game.
[SPEAKER_02]: This new patch will allow you to speed up cut scenes.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_02]: The way some of you listen to your podcasts.
[SPEAKER_02]: I wonder how many people out there listen to OLR on 1.5 speed.
[SPEAKER_02]: I know there's a few.
[SPEAKER_02]: So you can now play Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth on 1.5 speed.
[SPEAKER_02]: that's right they have implemented a fast forward feature for cut scenes that allows you to watch scenes without skipping them but you can play them at 1.5 times or 2.0 times speed and some clips were shared on social media to which people responded why would you want to fast forward through any of this masterpiece you should experience every second of it
[SPEAKER_02]: But some of us don't have that kind of time.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I imagine it might depend on which scene it is, too.
[SPEAKER_02]: You might want to fast forward through.
[SPEAKER_02]: So kind of an interesting little feature.
[SPEAKER_02]: Nothing else.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates, or as is probably the case this week, lack thereof, but sometimes things get through.
[SPEAKER_02]: Loki, anything to talk about this week in the US?
[SPEAKER_01]: There's nothing coming out this week.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I figured that might be the case.
[SPEAKER_02]: And if I'm not mistaken, DarkSakura, it's the same thing over in the UK, isn't it?
[SPEAKER_05]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_02]: Why did I associate that?
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright, forget it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, Nintendo Switch games coming out on the 26th include Dawning Subaru and The Owl Lurking in the Twilight in a regular and a limited edition.
[SPEAKER_02]: That is the lone Switch release this week, but if you want to go over to the PlayStation 5...
[SPEAKER_02]: Biohazard 7, Resident Evil, which y'all know what that is over here That is getting a Gold Edition release this week As well as Biohazard, Resident Evil 2 and 3 get the Z version releases I don't know if these are like price reductions or if they actually added anything to them But those are out on the 26th this week as well And that is it So it's a very, very slow week But at least something's happening
[SPEAKER_05]: Did you also know that the Mac OS version just came out?
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, no, I didn't.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's so neat.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, it's in the App Store.
[SPEAKER_02]: Very cool.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, with that, that takes us to the listener roundtable where we take your comments and questions.
[SPEAKER_02]: And we would invite phone calls as well if anybody wants to call in over at vognetwork.com slash discord in the green room.
[SPEAKER_02]: I will also check on emails.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know if we've gotten any in the last three weeks, but I'll check in anyway.
[SPEAKER_02]: Participate at orangetontrader.com is the place to send emails.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, there's nothing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Nothing.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then I think we addressed the blue sky comment we got.
[SPEAKER_02]: There was another one that was asking us about that NFT story that we already went over a little bit ago.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, so that was that story.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you, SGO and Hunter Matt, for submitting that anyway.
[SPEAKER_02]: I will point this out.
[SPEAKER_02]: So this wasn't something we were off when this all went down, but I made some posts over on our blue sky about... Where did it go?
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, we were talking about OLRPSP.com because the PlayStation Portable celebrated, I think it was its 20th birthday over our little break.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I made a little comment like, congratulations to OLRPSP.com, which by the way, does still exist.
[SPEAKER_02]: Still, you can't get it at olrpsp.com because we let the domain expire.
[SPEAKER_02]: But if you type the full orangedauntradio.com slash PSP, you can get to it that way.
[SPEAKER_02]: Or Dark Tetsuya reminded me, he made one of those bit.ly, so bit.ly slash olrpsp.
[SPEAKER_02]: A little bit shorter of an address as well.
[SPEAKER_02]: And the hilarious thing is...
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: But yeah, the backgrounds are all still there and everything that Loki put into the site.
[SPEAKER_02]: And we actually did get a reply over on Blue Sky from Bryguy who said, I found this show thanks to the PSP when they had that internet radio update all those years ago.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'd stay up late every Sunday night, thanks East Coast time, with my PSP hidden under my pillow and headphones.
[SPEAKER_02]: Been a listener ever since.
[SPEAKER_02]: that's oh that you were probably way too young to be listening to this but I think but that's a rad story thank you so much for sharing that's really cool yeah olrpsp.com was still probably either that or the day that Apple launched podcasts is probably still the number one for what brought listeners into this show but that would probably be number two is olrpsp.com so good job Loki why didn't we ever get olrp we still have a demo disc that was attached to that katamari
[SPEAKER_02]: Why didn't we ever get what?
[SPEAKER_02]: OLR Vita.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I was teasing.
[SPEAKER_01]: It wasn't the same.
[SPEAKER_01]: Because it didn't really offer anything.
[SPEAKER_01]: No, I know.
[SPEAKER_01]: There wasn't anything special you could do there.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, I know.
[SPEAKER_02]: It worked.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was very different in the way it worked or didn't work.
[SPEAKER_01]: um all right well with that I know it's a little bit shorter of a show but that's the way it's gonna work I do have a last minute story oh I'd love to hear a couple last minute stories yeah let's do it so go for it let's talk game industry and and like all the numbers and everything so uh we have a couple things first off Nintendo Switch has now officially outsold the PlayStation 2 in the U.S.
[SPEAKER_01]: wow it is now the second in all time units uh sold across video game hardware platforms in the U.S.,
[SPEAKER_01]: so that's pretty cool I think it's only being beat by itself right now um yeah trailing only to the Nintendo DS
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, I guess that's fine.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then the game industry biz put out their year in numbers, 2024, showing the entire makeup of the game industry.
[SPEAKER_01]: So numbers wise, of course, the total industry is $184.3 billion, which is a 0.2 year over year
[SPEAKER_01]: and so on.
[SPEAKER_01]: Talking about the console market, box versus digital worldwide, 16% box copies, 84% digital sales.
[SPEAKER_01]: PC, not a surprise, 1%, 99%, because I don't even think they sell PC games really in stores anymore.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, very hard.
[SPEAKER_01]: Top selling games in the US, we had EA Sports College Football 25, Call of Duty Black Ops 6, Helldivers 2, Dragon Ball Sparking 0, Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3, and then of course Madden EA Sports FC 25, EA Sports MVP Bundle, Elden Ring, and Dragon's Dogma 2.
[SPEAKER_02]: um you know just real quick that um college football being the number one selling game that was a little bit of a meme on Bobby's show while we were out because I didn't realize this that game with as well as it's done and a lot of people agree it's a pretty solid you know return to that franchise because EA hasn't put out one of those I can't believe I'm talking about sports games but I am um the EA hasn't put out one of those games in a very long time apparently pretty well received did not even get nominated for the game awards in the sports category
[SPEAKER_02]: and so it's a big like WTF type of situation so oh Ranma just gave us a cheer thank you Ranma appreciate the bitties but saying greetings from JFK airport I'm still not in Orlando yet are the airports fucky today because I have a friend that's trying to get home and apparently the airports are extremely fucky today like it's happening everywhere so that's a bummer I hope you hang it up Ranma says yes hang in there Ranma hang in there
[SPEAKER_01]: Newark fucked me oh god so if you're at JFK you originally went over to New York oh boy oh boy he hit all it's funny to look at like what's best selling in Japan too so Japan Dragon Quest 3 HD 2D remake was number one Super Mario Party Jamboree Mario Kart 8 Deluxe Super Mario Brothers Wonder and
[SPEAKER_01]: Momotaro Densetsu World Number 5 Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth Number 6 Animal Crossing New Horizons Number 7 Powerful Pro Yaku 2425 Baseball Legend of Zelda Echoes of Wisdom and Minecraft Switch Edition That's almost all Nintendo That's ridiculous Alright Any other last minute stories for us?
[SPEAKER_02]: That is it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, with that, we're going to wrap it up.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you so much for being here tonight, especially after we were off on a little break.
[SPEAKER_02]: We don't like being gone for two weeks, but we really appreciate those of you that turned out, whether you're live tonight or on the podcast feed.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you for joining us once again.
[SPEAKER_02]: We will be back next week.
[SPEAKER_02]: I expect this week's going to be even slower than this last week was, but we'll be fielding your questions and taking up time the way we know how to do best with many tangent trains, if necessary.
[SPEAKER_05]: Maybe we'll have to do a TikTok on the day.
[SPEAKER_05]: If we're still doing our Chinese food.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes, but I need to talk to you about the timing on that because I have to juggle with plans with my dad.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: But anyway, thank you all so much for downloading our show and listening to it or listening live.
[SPEAKER_02]: However you are here at Orange Lounge Radio, thank you for being a part of it.
[SPEAKER_02]: If you enjoyed what you heard here, help us spread the word.
[SPEAKER_02]: Tell a friend or two about the show because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
[SPEAKER_02]: We need more voices to put out on air.
[SPEAKER_02]: A nice five-star review on a site like iTunes, Spotify, or YouTube, wherever it is you found this show.
[SPEAKER_02]: It goes an awful long way.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you so much to all of you for being here despite the times that we kind of come and go a little bit sometimes.
[SPEAKER_02]: So anyway, with that, let's get around to everybody's final thought.
[SPEAKER_02]: Dark Sakura, you are streaming tonight.
[SPEAKER_02]: You're playing Dragon Age tonight.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm going to play Dragon Age tonight, and I am going to be taking out this stitch myself tomorrow so I can play Dead by Daylight.
[SPEAKER_05]: All right.
[SPEAKER_05]: Like, why should I go to the doctor to pull out one stitch, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: As long as you're confident in doing it.
[SPEAKER_05]: Ranma.
[SPEAKER_05]: I know Ranma Nibunoichi was renewed for a second season.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm happy.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Any other final thoughts for us?
[SPEAKER_05]: I need more chocolate in my life.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright, we'll rage you in a little bit, but have a good night.
[SPEAKER_02]: Bye!
[SPEAKER_02]: Loki, that means it's over to you.
[SPEAKER_02]: Your final thought tonight.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm still working hard on Minecraft stuff.
[SPEAKER_01]: trying to get this ride done, making good progress to kind of the end there.
[SPEAKER_02]: I saw you putting some greatest hits on Blue Sky.
[SPEAKER_02]: I saw the Skibbity Toilet video was up there.
[SPEAKER_01]: I keep forgetting.
[SPEAKER_01]: I started doing a Flashback Friday thing, and I've forgotten in a few weeks, and so I had to remember.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm also running out of things to put up there, so it's like, you know, I'll build more things.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, no, keep it up.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright, and then my final thought is, yeah, have whatever it is you celebrate this week, whether it's Christmas or Hanukkah or Kwanzaa or all of it or none of it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I hope you all have a great week.
[SPEAKER_02]: I hope you enjoy, are safe, enjoy the sales, enjoy catching up on your backlog, and thank you so much for
[SPEAKER_02]: for being a part of our lives here in 2024.
[SPEAKER_02]: So with that, that's it.
[SPEAKER_02]: We'll see you in seven days to talk about the year wrap up, I guess, and whatever else awaits us in gaming in this next week because gamers can never stay quiet an entire week.
[SPEAKER_02]: So we'll be here to catch up on the news next week.
[SPEAKER_02]: Until then, have a wonderful and safe week and we'll see you next time.
[SPEAKER_02]: Bye-bye.
[SPEAKER_00]: You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_00]: Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
[SPEAKER_00]: To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
[SPEAKER_00]: The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
[SPEAKER_00]: See you next week.